# Vulnerability - Cross-site scripting and script execution policy on screen input

## Overview

### Information disclosure date
2020/08/19

### Target version
Under v3.6.0

## Vulnerability content
Cross-site scripting occurs depending on the screen input item of Exment.

### Background of discovery
Discovered by notification.

### Occurrence condition
When the script is entered in the following items, the script will be executed.

- When the system administrator enters the script in the text of the menu "Mail template" and displays the notification details from the notification icon at the top right of the page.
- When the system administrator inputs the script in the item "description" of the custom form settings.
- When a script is entered in the custom column type "Editor".


### Vulnerability threats
A function without re-authentication is abused in the victim's session. It is also used for phishing by tampering with the appearance of pages.


### How to respond
Please upgrade to over v3.6.0.


## About the policy of script execution by screen input
**In Exment, some input items intentionally allow you to enter HTML and scripts.**  
Below is a description of the policy regarding where HTML and scripts can be entered.


#### Items that allow administrators to enter HTML and scripts
- Since this is an item that can only be entered by the administrator, it is possible to enter HTML.
- And, considering the case where you want to execute the script, the script is also executable.

##### Applicable part
- Dashboard item, "System" → Display item "HTML"
- Custom form settings, form item "HTML" "extended HTML"
*Since v3.6.0, it is specified on the screen that the script can be input.


#### Items that allow input of some HTML, but not target HTML and scripts
- Since the text including the design can be input, save the value using HTML and display it on the screen in HTML format.
- However, from v3.6.0, there are some restrictions on the HTML that can be used.
- In addition, if you enter HTML that is not applicable, attributes that are not allowed, and scripts, the scripts will be automatically escaped and displayed.
- Use [HTML Purifier](https://github.com/mewebstudio/Purifier) ​​to remove untargeted HTML, disallowed attributes and scripts.


##### Applicable part
- Custom column "Editor" data edit screen
- Template setting screen for email templates. *Applicable when the notification details are displayed from the notification list screen

##### HTML tags that can be input(Over v3.6.0)
- The tags enclosed in [] are available attributes.
- You can also use the style attribute on all tags.

```
div,b,strong,i,em,u,a[href|title|target],ul,ol,li,p,br,span,img[width|height|alt|src],h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6,blockquote,hr
```

#### Other items
- If you enter HTML and scripts, they are automatically escaped and displayed.

  