# Update procedure v1.2.X
Updating from version1.0.X or version1.1.X to version1.2.X requires some special steps.  
The procedure for updating to version 1.2.X is described.  
※This step is not required when installing a new version 1.2.X. Install from the usual [Installation procedure](/quickstart).  

## procedure
### When the current version is v1.0.X
First of all, please update to v1.1.X according to [this procedure](/update/v1_1).  


### When the current version is v1.1.X
Please update according to the following procedure.  

#### Update to v1.1.8
If your version of Exment is v1.1.8 or lower, first update Exment to v1.1.8.    

~~~
composer require exceedone/laravel-admin
composer require exceedone/exment=1.1.8
php artisan exment:update
~~~


#### Backup
Log in to Exment with an administrator account, and back up the current environment from "Backup" in the menu.  
Please check [Backup](/backup) for details.  
Then, download it.  
**※In version1.2.X, the internal structure of the data has been greatly revised. Be sure to make a backup and download it before updating Exment.**


#### Upgrade to v1.2.X
Execute the following command to update Exment to v1.2.X.

~~~
composer require exceedone/laravel-admin
composer require exceedone/exment
php artisan exment:update
~~~

#### env file update
Previously, changing the time zone and language changed the config / app.php file, but changed to the setting of the .env file.  
Please make the following settings in the .env file.

~~~
#  set language and time from v1.2.0
APP_TIMEZONE=
APP_LOCALE=
~~~

#### Data correction
[Update comma data](/patch/comma) is required when updating to version 1.2.6 or higher.  
Follow the link above to correct the data.  


#### Update completed
This completes the update process.