# Update procedure v1.3.X
Updating from version1.2.X to version1.3.X requires some special steps.  
The procedure for updating to version 1.3.X is described.  
※When installing a new version 1.3.X, this step is not required.   Install from the usual [Installation procedure](/quickstart).  

## Procedure
#### Update to v1.2.12
If your version of Exment is less than v1.2.12, first update Exment to v1.2.12.  
※ It is not necessary to update "laravel-admin"

~~~
composer require exceedone/exment=1.2.12
php artisan exment:update
~~~


#### Backup
Log in to Exment with an administrator account, and back up the current environment from "Backup" in the menu.  
Please check [Backup](/backup) for details.  
Then, download it.  

#### Upgrade to v1.3.X
Execute the following command to update Exment to v1.3.X.  

~~~
composer require exceedone/laravel-admin
composer require exceedone/exment
php artisan exment:update
~~~

#### Configuration file copy
Some configuration files have been added or updated.  
After updating to version 1.3.X, perform the following procedure.  

- Copy "vendor / exceedone / exment / config / exment.php" based on the root directory of the project.

- Overwrite the above file to "config / exment.php" based on the project root directory.

<span style="font-size:0.9em;">※When setting values are obtained from the system, the contents of "config / exment.php" are obtained.  
Items may be added to "vendor / exceedone / exment / config / exment.php" during system update.  
However, since the "config / exment.php" file is also a configuration file and may be directly rewritten by the user, even if an update is performed, the overwriting process is not performed automatically, but overwriting is performed manually. It is a specification.
</span>

- ※If "[Search> Switch data search to partial match](/search)" was done, after copying the configuration file, open the ".env" file and add the following description.  

~~~
EXMENT_FILTER_SEARCH_FULL=true
~~~

#### Data correction
When updating for the first time to version 1.2.6 or higher, [Correction of comma data](/patch/comma) is required.  
Follow the link above to correct the data.  


#### Update completed
This completes the update process.