# Update procedure v2.1.X
Updating to version 2.1.X requires some special steps.  
The procedure for updating to version 2.1.X is described.  
※This step is not required when installing new version 2.1.X.   Install from the usual [Installation procedure](/quickstart).  

## Procedure

### Update execution
#### Upgrade to v2.1.X
Please update Exment to v2.1 according to [here's procedure](/update).



### After update
#### (Recommended) Remove unnecessary packages
Execute the following from the command. Performance may be improved.  
##### All users

~~~
composer remove mpdf/mpdf
~~~

##### If you are not using two-factor authentication

~~~
composer remove pragmarx/google2fa
composer remove simplesoftwareio/simple-qrcode
~~~

### Update completed
This completes the update process.  

## (Supplement) Update content special notes
This update supports the following.
### Change plugin location
The following path has been changed.  
※ Before change → app / Plugins  
※ After change → storage / app / plugins

### Changing the template location
The following path has been changed.  
※ Before change → app / Templates
※ After change → storage / app / templates

### Partial package deletion
The following contents have been deleted from the default package.   These packages have been changed to manually install only when used.    

- pragmarx/google2fa(Two-factor authentication)
- simplesoftwareio/simple-qrcode(Two-factor authentication)
- mpdf/mpdf(PDF output. Not responding to technical issues)
