# Update procedure v4.4.0 PHP version update
In Exment v4.4.0, the supported version of PHP will be changed.  
Until now, it was PHP 7.2-7.4, but from v4.4.0, it will be PHP 7.3-7.4. PHP 7.2 will no longer be supported.
This is to change the version of the framework "Laravel" used in Exment from the previous Laravel 6 to Laravel 8.  

> *The original plan was to update to Laravel9, but since Laravel9 is no longer LTS and the minimum PHP version of Laravel9 is PHP8.0, considering the risk of major updates at once, Laravel8 It was an update to.  

Due to the change of the minimum PHP version, it may be necessary to upgrade the PHP version depending on the environment you are using.　　

## How to check PHP version

How to check the PHP version.

- Execute the following command with the command tool.

```
php -v

#### As a result, the following content is output.
PHP 7.4.10 (cli) (built: Sep  1 2020 16:52:39) ( ZTS Visual C++ 2017 x64 )
Copyright (c) The PHP Group
Zend Engine v3.4.0, Copyright (c) Zend Technologies
    with Xdebug v2.9.7, Copyright (c) 2002-2020, by Derick Rethans
```

- If the PHP version you are currently using is PHP7.2, you need to upgrade the PHP version.
- If the PHP version you are currently using is PHP7.3-7.4, you do not need to upgrade PHP.

## PHP version upgrade method

For some environment construction, the following page describes how to upgrade PHP.  
Follow these steps to upgrade PHP.  
*If possible, back up the Exment and server environment before upgrading the PHP version.  
*If it does not exist in the link below, please check it yourself and upgrade the PHP version.  

- [Environment construction with XAMPP](/install_xampp)  

- [Environment construction by rental server](/install_rental)  

- [Linux environment construction](/install_linux)  

- [Environment construction with AWS](/install_aws)  
