# Update procedure v6.0.2
In Exment v6.0.2, the supported version of MariaDB has changed.  
Before v6.0.2, we used MariaDB10.4, but since the security support period for MariaDB10.4 ended in 2024/06, we will change to MariaDB10.11 or higher.  

## MariaDB version upgrade method MariaDB 10.11
If you are using MariaDB 10.11 or lower, you need to update to MariaDB 10.11.
### Update work for XAMPP environment
- In preparation for work, stop Apache and MySQL (MariaDB) and exit the XAMPP control panel.
- Rename mysql folder. (Example: Change the default name C:\xampp\mysql to C:\xampp\mysql-old)
- Download the new MariaDB in ZIP format.

   1. Access [MariaDB Download](https://mariadb.org/download/?t=mariadb&p=mariadb&r=10.11&os=windows&cpu=x86_64&pkg=zip)
   2. Download the file according to the OS and MariaDB version you want to use.   
      > Please select the zip file instead of the MSI.
   3. Unzip the ZIP file, change the unzipped folder name to mysql, and move to the XAMPP folder.
- Copy mysql-old\data to the mysql folder.
- Copy mysql-old\bin\my.ini to the mysql\bin folder.
- Start the XAMPP control panel and start "Apache" and "MySQL (MariaDB).".

### Update work for CentOS environment
- Status before version upgrade
~~~
mysql -V
~~~
If you are using MariaDB 10.11 or lower, please update using the steps below.
- MariaDB service outage
~~~
sudo systemctl stop mariadb
~~~
- Delete old MariaDB
~~~
sudo yum remove mariadb-server -y
~~~
- Create repository configuration file
Use mariadb_repo_setup and specify the version you want to install with the --mariadb-server-version option. This time I specified 10.11.
~~~
sudo yum install wget -y
wget https://downloads.mariadb.com/MariaDB/mariadb_repo_setup
chmod +x mariadb_repo_setup
sudo yum update -y
sudo ./mariadb_repo_setup --mariadb-server-version=10.11
~~~
- MariaDB server configuration
~~~
sudo yum install epel-release -y
sudo yum install MariaDB-server -y
~~~
- MariaDB service startup
~~~
sudo systemctl start mariadb.service
~~~
- Let's run the mysql_upgrade command. mysql_upgrade command is a command to upgrade MySQL system tables. If you see the output "OK", it is complete.
~~~
mysql_upgrade

## The execution results are displayed below.
..
Phase 8/8: Running 'FLUSH PRIVILEGES'
OK
~~~
- Confirmation after version upgrade
~~~
mysql -V
~~~
